Update install-app-guard.md (#8580)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/install-app-guard.md

### Licensing requirements

* Microsoft 365 E5 Security
* Microsoft 365 A5 for Faculty
* Microsoft 365 A5 for Students

> [!NOTE]
> Microsoft 365 Apps for enterprise with shared computer activation or device-based licensing do not have access to Application Guard for Office.

> > Safe Documents licensing plans allow access to Application Gurad for Office. For more information, see [Safe Documents in Microsoft 365 E5/A5](/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/safe-docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> Safe Documents licensing plans allow access to Application Guard for Office. For more information, see [Safe Documents in Microsoft 365 E5/A5](/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/safe-docs).
```

> > Safe Documents licensing plans allow access to Application Gurad for Office. For more information, see [Safe Documents in Microsoft 365 E5/A5](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/safe-docs?msclkid=279c718bd08811ec93a29310a7e2c785&view=o365-worldwide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>
> Safe Documents licensing plans allow access to Application Guard for Office. For more information, see [Safe Documents in Microsoft 365 E5/A5](/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/safe-docs).
```

Author: Still needs the host part but agree that the query string can be removed
